In the first case we want to compute
the average of the Sepal.Length column
across all rows.
We can do that using the function mean.
Then we apply iris$Sepal.Length.
In this case we want to compute
the means of all numeric columns.
You can do that using
the function colMeans.
We pass the data from to that, but
only the 4 columns, because the last
column has a categorical variable.
We can not compute it's mean.
In this case we want to create
a subset of sepal.length less than
5 within the setosa species.
We can do that using
the subset function.
We first pass the data frame name and
then the logical condition,
in this case, Sepal.Length value
has to be less than five and
the Species column have
to be equal to setosa.
In this case,
we want to measure the number of rows
corresponding to the setosa species.
One way to do that is use the subset
function that we saw previously,
where we basically extract all
rows of the Iris data frame
whose Species value
corresponds to setosa, and
then we apply the dim function to that,
dim returns dimensions.
But since this is a data frame,
the dim function will return a vector
of two values, the number of rows and
the number of columns,
we just want the number of rows.
So we use a square bracket
here with the value 1.
Telling R we just won the first
value of that vector.
In this case we want
the summary of the data set.
We can do that using a very
convenient summary function that
gives a summary of every
data frame column.
If it's numeric we get numbers such
as the mean, median, quartiles, etc.
And if it's categorical,
we get a histogram of how many
times different values appear.